---------------- SUMMARY ----------------

* xplorer² "lite" is free but ONLY for private, academic and general
 'not for profit' use

* You are using the program at your own risk!

* please obtain permission if you want to distribute it in any way


---------------- FULL LICENCE AGREEMENT ----------------

INSTALLATION OR USE OF THE ENCLOSED SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ASSENT TO 
THE FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT.

LICENSE GRANT. You are granted a free non-exclusive and non-
transferable right to use for personal or academic 
purposes the enclosed software, and any associated documentation (the 
"Software"), provided any copy must contain all of the original 
proprietary notices. You CANNOT use the Software in any any commercial 
context, including but not limited to: corporate, office, military, 
government etc.

RESTRICTIONS. Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this 
Agreement, you are not allowed to: (a) modify or create any derivative 
works of the Software; (b) reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or 
otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Software except 
and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by 
applicable law notwithstanding this limitation; (c) manipulate or 
alter the components that make up this Software in any way; (d) sell, 
rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software;
(e) distribute the Software in any means without permission. 

OWNERSHIP. This Software is licensed and not sold. This Software and 
its source code are proprietary products of Author of this Software 
(Nikos Bozinis) and are protected by copyright and other intellectual 
property laws. You acquire only the right to use the Software and do 
not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Software other than 
those specified in this Agreement. Author shall at all times retain 
all rights, title, interest, including intellectual property rights, 
in the Software.

DISLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE AND ON 
AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR 
IMPLIED INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES THAT IT IS FREE OF 
DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. 
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS 
WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF 
ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT 
HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE 
TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA, DATA BEING 
RENDERED INACCURATE, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS 
INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD 
PARTIES, OR A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER 
SOFTWARE) EVEN IF THE AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR OTHER PARTY HAS 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

TERMINATION. VIOLATION OR NON-ACCEPTANCE OF ANY OF THE ABOVE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT IMMEDIATELY AND UNCONDITIONALLY TERMINATES YOUR LICENSE.
